Fill-In the blanks in each of the following.

a) Every C program begins execution at the function "main".

b) Every function’s body begins with "{" and ends with "}"

c) Every statement ends with a(n) ";"

d) The "printf" standard library function displays information on the screen.

e) The escape sequence \n represents the "newline" character, which causes the cursor to position to the beginning of the next line on the screen.

f) The "scanf" standard library function obtains data from the keyboard.

g) The conversion specification "%d" in a printf or scanf format control string indicates that an integer will be output or input, respectively.

h) Whenever a new value is placed in a memory location, that value overrides the previous value in that location. This process is said to be "destructive".

i) When a value is read from a memory location, the value in that location is preserved; this process is said to be "nondestructive"

j)The "if" statement is used to make decisions.

State whether each of the following is true or false. If false, explain why.

a) Function printf always begins printing at the beginning of a new line.
False, printf prints where cursor is. 

b) Comments cause the computer to display the text after // on the screen
when the program is executed.
False, comments are ignore by compiler.

c) The escape sequence \n in a printf format control string positions the out-
put cursor to the beginning of the next line.
True

d) All variables must be defined before they’re used.
True

e) All variables must be given a type when they’re defined.
True

f) C considers the variables number and NuMbEr to be identical.
False, C is case sensitive.

g) Definitions can appear anywhere in the body of a function.
True

h) All arguments following the format control string in a printf function must
be preceded by an ampersand ( & ).
False, it is used in scanf

i) The remainder operator ( % ) can be used only with integer operands.
True

j) The arithmetic operators * , / , % , + and - all have the same precedence.
False, + and - have lower level of precedence

k) A program that prints three lines of output must contain three printf s.
False. Each \n can print new line.


